\input texinfo                      @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename chopstx.info
@set VERSION 1.3
@settitle Chopstx Reference Manual
@c Unify some of the indices.
@syncodeindex tp fn
@syncodeindex pg fn
@c %**end of header
@copying
This manual is for Chopstx (version @value{VERSION}).

@noindent
Copyright @copyright{} 2013, 2015, 2016 Flying Stone Technology @*

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. The text of the license can be found in the
section entitled ``Copying''.
@end quotation
@end copying


@c ********************************************

@dircategory Development
@direntry
* chopstx: (chopstx).  Chopstx, the thread library for embedded system.
@end direntry

@c
@c Titlepage
@c
@setchapternewpage odd
@titlepage
@title Chopstx Reference Manual
@subtitle Version @value{VERSION}
@author NIIBE Yutaka (@email{gniibe@@fsij.org})

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@ifnothtml
@summarycontents
@contents
@page
@end ifnothtml

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Chopstx, The Thread Library
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex


@menu
* Introduction::                 What is Chopstx.
* API::                          API.

Appendix

* Copying::                     The GNU General Public License says how you
                                can copy and share the program.

Indexes

* Concept Index::               Index of concepts and programs.
* Function and Data Index::     Index of functions, variables and data types.

@end menu

@ifhtml
@page
@summarycontents
@contents
@end ifhtml

@c ********************************************
@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

Chopstx is an RT thread library for ARM Cortex-M0, Cortex-M0plus and
Cortex-M3.  Specifically, it is used for STM32F030, MKL27Z and
STM32F103.

While most RTOSes come with many features, drivers, and stacks,
Chopstx just offers a RT thread library.

With Chopstx, interrupt handling is also done by a thread.  This
enables coherent code for ease of maintenance.


@node API
@chapter API

@include chopstx-api.texi


@c ********************************************

@include gpl.texi

@node Concept Index
@unnumbered Concept Index

@printindex cp

@node Function and Data Index
@unnumbered Function and Data Index

@printindex fn

@bye
